I've had several internships, my favorite one would probably be my first
one. I was working for the, for the Navy we're at the Naval training
center in Orlando, Florida, it was right beside Disney and it was
my first one so I think that that was one of the main reasons that
I chose this to be my favorite one because you get that "oh I'm I'm
new in in this new place and I'm actually going to be using my major
to do something important and around me all the smart people" you
know. You have all that like wow and wonderment you know because it's
your first experience. I was doing something pretty cool I was working
on a, so the marines they sit with their guns and they can actually
go to the real field and actually shoot people and have helicopters
drop things or they can do it virtually. So what they do is like
they sit in front of a screen and instead of being out there in the
real world, they actually talk to a computer and you say something
like "drop illumination five yards east" or something and then the
computer does it. But the computer doesn't really understand it completely
because if speak for a long time then it starts to get confused.
So my job was to kind of fix that, and every day I was learning
something new, I was talking to smart people who were really like making
me a better computer science major and it was really cool. A really
cool two to three months.